are you tired of having the same old
boring dog D ever where she wasn't such
a square well take off your top hat
let's talk Turkey cuz today we're gonna
turn your dog into the hippest cat on
the block this episode is scientific
Tuesdays is brought to you by Gamefly
today we're going to build a
remote-controlled dog now to do this or
you need to get a RC car preferably a
small one because you want this thing to
be small so it fits on your dog well
just get one that you can easily take
apart this is a cheapy $10 one I got at
the store get all the pieces off that
you can get out a screwdriver if
necessary
okay so we've moved the top part off
here and there's the circuit board now
this is the part we're going to want to
use here we want the turning apparatus
and we will hook a laser up to that and
we will be able to guide it any
direction we want okay these two wires
are for the back motor which we no
longer will need so disconnect them and
then go ahead and remove that part don't
worry it still works
check it out
okay now we need to start breaking that
down so I'm going to remove the tires
you want to test as you go to make sure
you don't mess something up so you know
keep that remote handy and turn it back
and forth
okay so we've removed the tires fully
now let's get rid of all the extra junk
that we don't need as well I'll clip out
these Springs okay now here's my laser
we're going to attach this to the
chassis and then hook it up to the
turnin apparatus first I'm going to hot
glue the motor down since it doesn't
have a top housing anymore we need to
make sure it stays snug now I'm going to
use a wheel from a closet this is going
to allow me to attach the laser to it so
that it will do a full 360 spin without
much problem
make sure you only glue the outer
portion down because you want that screw
to spin when that's done glue the laser
down as well once it sets you should be
able to spin it no problem we are well
on our way now for this next part I'm
going to use the springs that I removed
so that I can hook them to the laser so
that when the apparatus turns left to
right we can guide the laser along with
it I'll do this with hot glue as it's
simple and easy so I've got the two here
let's hook them up okay and now we're
doing the other side we are almost ready
to give this thing a test alright let's
see how it works
hey you works pretty good now you'll
notice that the radius isn't huge but
you don't really need that for a dog
what we're going to try and do is get
the dog to run forward and then by
shifting the laser left or right
hopefully he follows it and this is
Watson he's going to be our guinea pig
today good boy now the final step we
need to add velcro as you saw Watson is
wearing a vest that vest happens to have
some velcro on the bottom of it making
it the perfect place to put this
so we'll go ahead and stick it on his
belly be sure not to get it in your
dog's eyes you don't want to hurt him
once you've got that snug and secure
you're ready to give it a test let's see
what happened
thanks everyone for tuning in this week
I hope you enjoyed the remote-controlled
dog before we go though I want to thank
Gamefly and Watson want you to check
them out Gamefly is the largest online
video game rental service and has over
7,000 new and classic titles across all
consoles and handhelds plans start at
1595 a month and Gamefly members can
rent one to four games at a time and
keep them for as long as they want
that means no late fees once you're done
playing a game send it back to Gamefly
and they'll send you the next one on
your list here's the cool thing
scientific Tuesdays fans get a 15-day
free trial
when they go to gamefly.com slash
science stay stay stay stay
you